When you're on your ship you have a lot of opportunities available to
you. Now I won't lie, the bigger the ship you're on the more opportunities
that are available. So you have a really small ship let's say
a destroyer, that's not small but like the destroyer is I guess a ship
that has maybe a couple thousand people on it. It's kind of like
a high school you could say, the size of a high school. And there aren't
that many things to do. I've never been on a destroyer but I just
know from my experience with the aircraft carrier. It has to have
less than what I had and at least for an aircraft carrier which has
five thousand people usually. When we're on deployment we have, it goes
up to eight thousand people when you add all the people that come
in with airplanes, and the people that take care of the airplanes,
and the extra officers and enlisted people. Eight thousand people
is the size of a small city. So on an aircraft carrier we have our
own post office, we have our own little recreation center. We have a
couple of places for fitness, but in general it is a war craft vessel. Therefore
there aren't that many, there are limited places that
you can do, that you can have on the ship that cater to entertainment.
So people find their own entertainment. So for me, my entertainment
on the ship was I'd watch movies all the time. So everybody has their
own little laptop or their DVD player, you can rent movies from
the little recreation center that's there. They had bands in little
hidden spots of the ship. So there would be drums and guitars and you
know like even keyboards all hidden, but that did they make space
and you know they play as loud as they want. Obviously the fitness
centers are there, and you can see card playing all over the place.
Whenever there is a rack, a living quarter, then there's this little
table outside you know like three or four of them. With couches to
watch TV to watch movies and to play cards right there, so that's how
we spent our deployments.